README.md, before:

# Certificates

Update all certificate for me learning courese online 

## Coursera

### [Google Data Analytics](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics.pdf)

1. [Analyze Data to Answer Questions](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Analyze%20Data%20to%20Answer%20Questions.pdf)
2. [Ask Questions to Make Data-Driven Decisions](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Ask%20Questions%20to%20Make%20Data-Driven%20Decisions.pdf)
3. [Data Analysis with R Programming](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Data%20Analysis%20with%20R%20Programming.pdf)
4. [Data Everywhere](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Data%20Data%20%20Everywhere.pdf)
5. [Capstone Complete a Case](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics%20Capstone%20Complete%20a%20Case.pdf)
6. [Prepare Data for Exploration](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/tree/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics)
7. [Process Data from Dirty to Clean](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Process%20Data%20from%20Dirty%20to%20Clean.pdf)
8. [Share Data Through the Art of Visualization](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Share%20Data%20Through%20the%20Art%20of%20Visualization.pdf)

### [Google Digital Marketing](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Digital%20Marketing.pdf)

1. [Foundations of Digital Marketing and E-commerce](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce.pdf)
2. [Ask Questions to Make Data-Driven Decisions](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Ask%20Questions%20to%20Make%20Data-Driven%20Decisions.pdf)
3. [Data Analysis with R Programming](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Data%20Analysis%20with%20R%20Programming.pdf)
4. [Data Everywhere](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Data%20Data%20%20Everywhere.pdf)
5. [Capstone Complete a Case](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics%20Capstone%20Complete%20a%20Case.pdf)
6. [Prepare Data for Exploration](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/tree/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics)
7. [Process Data from Dirty to Clean](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Process%20Data%20from%20Dirty%20to%20Clean.pdf)
8. [Share Data Through the Art of Visualization](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Share%20Data%20Through%20the%20Art%20of%20Visualization.pdf)

Commit message:

update  Google Digital Marketing & E-commerce
update  Google Digital Marketing & E-commerce

README.md, after:

# Certificates

Update all certificate for me learning courese online 

## Coursera

### [Google Data Analytics](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics.pdf)

1. [Analyze Data to Answer Questions](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Analyze%20Data%20to%20Answer%20Questions.pdf)
2. [Ask Questions to Make Data-Driven Decisions](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Ask%20Questions%20to%20Make%20Data-Driven%20Decisions.pdf)
3. [Data Analysis with R Programming](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Data%20Analysis%20with%20R%20Programming.pdf)
4. [Data Everywhere](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Data%20Data%20%20Everywhere.pdf)
5. [Capstone Complete a Case](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics%20Capstone%20Complete%20a%20Case.pdf)
6. [Prepare Data for Exploration](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/tree/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics)
7. [Process Data from Dirty to Clean](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Process%20Data%20from%20Dirty%20to%20Clean.pdf)
8. [Share Data Through the Art of Visualization](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Data%20Analytics/Coursera%20Share%20Data%20Through%20the%20Art%20of%20Visualization.pdf)

### [Google Digital Marketing](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Google%20Digital%20Marketing.pdf)

1. [Foundations of Digital Marketing and E-commerce](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce.pdf)
2. [Attract and Engage Customers with Digital Marketing](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Attract%20and%20Engage%20Customers%20with%20Digital%20Marketing.pdf)
3. [From Likes to Leads Interact with Customers Online](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20From%20Likes%20to%20Leads%20Interact%20with%20Customers.pdf)
4. [Think Outside the Inbox:Email Marketing](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Think%20Outside%20the%20Inbox%20Email%20Marketing.pdf)
5. [Assess for Success:Marketing Analytics and Measurement](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Assess%20for%20Success%20Marketing%20Analytics%20and.pdf)
6. [Make the Sale: Build,Launch, and Manage E-commerce Stores](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce.pdf)
7. [Satisfaction Guaranteed:Develop Customer Loyalty Online](https://github.com/sprasaming/Certificates/blob/main/Coursera%20Foundations%20of%20Digital%20Marketing%20and%20E-commerce/Coursera%20Satisfaction%20Guaranteed%20Develop%20Customer%20Loyalty.pdf)
